OVP is pretty easy to build, but here are a few notes to help get started.

> To build you'll need:

  - Visual Studio.net 2008 SP1 

  - Silverlight Tools for VS.net  
  
    This is just the baseline set that's needed to compile Silverlight 2.0 applications
    For more info, go here: http://silverlight.net/GetStarted/
  
  
> Open the solution (OpenVideoPlayer.sln) 

> The first time, you may get a message that not all projects will load.  This is fine, and can be ignored.  The message is because some of the plugin projects are not public or not yet released.

> Set OVPWeb as the startup project, if it's not already.  It is really just a 'web' project that hosts the files for debugging, it doesn't have any code of it's own.  OVPWeb depends on all the right projects, so if you rebuild it, it will rebuild the whole solution.  

> OVPWeb\index.html should be the startup file, unless you'd rather build one of the included samples like support.html for the Akamai support player, or smoothhd.html for the SmoothHD.com site.

> Plugins do not automatically build, to prevent issues with dependencies for plugins that might npt be available.  If you change anything in a plugin, make sure you rebuild it seperately.  The included plugins have a postbuild command to copy their output to OVPWeb/plugins

> OVPWeb is set to use a local installation of IIS for debugging, this has worked the best for us.  If you have IIS installed it will prompt you to create the virtual directory, and everything should work fine.  If you don't have IIS, you can go to the OVPWeb project properties and on the web tab set it to use the VS.NEt Development Server.

> There are build scripts that do a few things, including setting the version for all projects automatically, based on the contents of Vertion.txt and the SVN revision.  While it's nice to have SVN installed for this and for working from the respoitory on SourceForge, it's not neccesary and should work fine without it.  The 4th section of the version will be the SVN revision, if installed when you build. (ie. v2.2.0.64, where 64 is the SVN revision.)

> The build scripts may not run correctly if you have a space in your path to the project, most common if someone puts it in My Documents.  If this happens I'd just recommend moving it to a shorter simpler place.  I tried to get quotes around the right places to fix this, but I haven't fully tested it.



